5.0.0 Release (#2905)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/guides/references/migration-guide.md

  }
})
```

## Cookies `sameSite` property

Values yielded by {% url "`cy.setCookie()`" setcookie %}, {% url "`cy.getCookie()`" getcookie %}, and {% url "`cy.getCookies()`" getcookies %} will now contain the `sameSite` property if specified.

If you were using the `experimentalGetCookiesSameSite` configuration to get the `sameSite` property previously, this should be removed.

{% badge danger Before %} Cookies yielded before had no `sameSite` property.

```js
cy.getCookie('token').then((cookie) => {
  // cy.getCookie() yields a cookie object
  // {
  //   domain: "localhost",
  //   expiry: 1593551644,
  //   httpOnly: false,
  //   name: "token",
  //   path: "/commands",
  //   secure: false,
  //   value: "123ABC"
  // }
})
```

{% badge success After %} Cookies yielded now have `sameSite` property if specified.

```js
cy.getCookie('token').then((cookie) => {
  // cy.getCookie() yields a cookie object
  // {
  //   domain: "localhost",
  //   expiry: 1593551644,
  //   httpOnly: false,
  //   name: "token",
  //   path: "/commands",
  //   sameSite: "strict",
  //   secure: false,
  //   value: "123ABC"
  // }
})
```

## Linux dependencies

> Running Cypress on Linux OS's now requires the `libgbm-dev` dependency. To install all required dependencies on Ubuntu/Debian, you can run the script below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running Cypress on Linux now requires the `libgbm` dependency (on Debian-based systems, this is available as `libgbm-dev`). To install all required dependencies on Ubuntu/Debian, you can run the script below:
```

{% badge danger Before %} `results.run.tests`  Module API results

```json
{
  // ...
  "runs": [{
    // ...
    "screenshots": [{
      "screenshotId": "8ddmk",
      "name": null,
      "testId": "r2",
      "takenAt": "2020-08-05T08:52:20.432Z",
      "path": "User/janelane/my-app/cypress/screenshots/spec.js/test (failed).png",
      "height": 720,
      "width": 1280
    }],
    "tests": [{
      "testId": "r2",
      "title": [ "test" ],
      "state": "failed",
      "body": "function () {\n  expect(true).to.be["false"];\n}",
      "stack": "AssertionError: expected true to be false\n' +
        '    at Context.eval (...cypress/integration/spec.js:5:21",
      "error": "expected true to be false",
      "timings": {
        "lifecycle": 16,
        "test": {...}
      },
      "failedFromHookId": null,
      "wallClockStartedAt": "2020-08-05T08:38:37.589Z",
      "wallClockDuration": 1171,
      "videoTimestamp": 4486
    }],
  }],
  // ...
}
```

{% badge success After %} `results.run.tests` Module API results

```json
{
  // ...
  "runs": [{
    // ...
    "tests": [
      {

>         "attempts": [{

Reviewer 2: could you order these keys similar to the typedefs?

Author: I have a nitpick for things being alphabetical. Can we have our options in app be  alphabetical 😅 But yah, I will relook at the definitions.

          "state": "failed",
          "error": {
            "message": "expected true to be false",
            "stack": "AssertionError: expected true to be false\n' +
        '    at Context.eval (...cypress/integration/spec.js:5:21"

>           },

Reviewer 2: `error` has `name`, `message`, and `stack`

          "screenshots": [{
            "name": null,
            "takenAt": "2020-08-05T08:52:20.432Z",
            "path": "User/janelane/my-app/cypress/screenshots/spec.js/test (failed).png",
            "height": 720,
            "width": 1280
          }],
          "timings": {...},

>           "failedFromHookId": null,

Reviewer 2: i incorrectly left these props in the typedefs. updated typedefs are here https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/8148/files#diff-0c2972e5f48d3b3705e2671669a18160

          "wallClockStartedAt": "2020-08-05T08:38:37.589Z",

>           "wallClockDuration": 1171,

Reviewer 2: renamed to just `startedAt` and `duration`

Author: Yah I was a bit confused cause it looked like some of the snapshots were different. I don’t know how to execute the Cypress Module API from our ‘develop’, I guess now since we have the binary publishing I should do that. I’d just like to run it myself and see the changes. That would help.

          "videoTimestamp": 4486
        }],

>         "testId": "r2",

Reviewer 2: removed

        "title": [ "test" ],
        "state": "failed",
        "body": "function () {\n  expect(true).to.be["false"];\n}",

>         "displayError": "expected true to be false",

Reviewer 2: this will include the name and stack as well e.g. `AssertionError: expected true to be false\n\nat ...`
